Okay, how dare you help outsiders scold me together
You are not allowed to steal from your mother's room
My name is Zhou and this is my home too
What to steal
Talk nonsense again and I'll tear your mouth apart
Let's go!
My mom and my family are waiting for bail
Got it, let's go
Xiao Han
Zhou Tingting, what are you doing?
That's my sister's baby
I can fight if I want
Is it your turn to be a stepmother?
Stepmother is also a mother
As long as these three children call me mom
I won't allow you to bully them
If you don't want to break into the house
If you enter the orange
Just get out of here
Did Xiao Han hear it?
He can kick me out now
I can kick you all out in the future
Mom won't drive me away
Because I don't steal
Stupid, if you want to believe him, believe it
Here we go.
Mom, he stopped with our family's passbook
Why don't you put your passbook down?
How dare you if the police come to your door?
I'm my brother's sister
Nian Nian dare not I dare